README.md, before:

# Portfolio
#### Portfolio iS website that has description of whom am that is curriculum vitae.It was created on 26/10/2020.
## Author
By  Francis Gacheru.
<!-- ## Description of my portfolio
This project has all the information of things i have done that is description of me. A portfolio is used as a curriculum  vitae and purposely for letting  people who want to offer you job get more information about me. The website will act as a template/guide for those people who want to offer their curriculum  vitae as a live link rather than documented hard/soft copy curriculum vitae.
## project Set up Instructions
* Ctrl + alt + t to open the terminal
<!-- * now git clone https://github.com/FGacheru/Portfolio -->
* cd portfolio
* you can use code . or atom . to open it.
## Known Bugs
## Technologies Used
* HTML5
* CSS
* Git and Github
## Support and contact details
I would like to give credit to my Technical mentor for the guidance she gave me towards the development of this web
### License
* Licensed under the MIT license
Copyright (c) [2020] (Benard Kiplangat Bett) -->

Commit message:

added a description on README.md file

README.md, after:

# Portfolio
#### Portfolio iS website that has description of whom am that is curriculum vitae.It was created on 26/10/2020.
## Author
By  Francis Gacheru.
## Description of my portfolio
 A portfolio is used as a curriculum  vitae and purposely for letting  people who want to offer job get more information about the person. The website will act as a template/guide for those people who want to offer their curriculum  vitae as a live link rather than documented hard/soft copy curriculum vitae.
The website is all about my description.
## project Set up Instructions
* Ctrl + alt + t to open the terminal
<!-- * now git clone https://github.com/FGacheru/Portfolio -->
* cd portfolio
* you can use code . or atom . to open it.
## Known Bugs
## Technologies Used
* HTML5
* CSS
* Git and Github
## Support and contact details
I would like to give credit to my Technical mentor for the guidance she gave me towards the development of this web
### License
* Licensed under the MIT license
Copyright (c) [2020] (Benard Kiplangat Bett)
